hello my name is Sasha and this is my
Honeywood channel you think you know everything
about tree doubts so this is a cycle
gears will highlight those types of wood that
grow and our territory namely
middle strip Russia Ukraine and
Belarus today I want to tell you about
apple tree apple tree is the most
popular fruit tree of the world is the birthplace and
growth
Kazakhstan is considered today but today
village on any edge of the forest and in any
kolkhoz garden you can meet a few
and intricate but quite interesting
trees namely for us carvers
the apple tree is just beautiful and not
crucified talk about strength and
wear resistance of other things
she's just beautiful more beautiful tree because
the most accessible is very difficult to find
she has a huge amount
iridescent shades from white to white
practically milky
until light dark dark red-brown
there are places with transitions and even
small product can be placed
a huge range of beautiful flowers
play and paint
here is apple wood at cross
sawing
this video is split as
my log cracked practically on
meter along
you can easily notice sap
it is a whiter wood amulet from it
You now see on the screen, but the sound
part
amulet where the sound part is used and
for the blind too now on your screen
as you can see
wood has a bit of cream
this log lay in my garage
more than two years but with fresh you slept
You see that this part is bright white and
it's dark brown here the transition is more
smooth and there are places where the transition
very sharp worth remembering that the apple tree
very cracks so be
ready that over a third of the material can
go to the expense here you see here
crack
more than 20 centimeters crack here more
20 centimeters although the tree began
dry in the fall not in hot weather
I'll show you the planks from now
apple trees and these are my usual blanks for
making amulets here you can
see it
planochka apologize for the balloon
burnt plot circular saw you
see wood
cream white with stains of dark
plots here precisely because of such
the plot obtained such amulets that
now you have the white part on the screen
sapwood
bitches almost always crack
so do not count on using them
in making yes they are beautiful but
almost always they crack but
smoother transition plan
see here the sound part goes over
sap but not dramatically since here
see the sapwood sound cutting part
very transition amulets with such a transition
now on your screen and here more
smooth transition
see the core is replaced by sapwood start
dark brown sweat dark cream
then brighter and now if there was
continued then you saw a smooth
transition to such a state amulet with
this transition is also now on your
here you can see the screen
sound part
and this is already sapwood but because of the smoothness
transition is almost impossible to distinguish
Where
the central part of the tree and where are its edges
I really like the place where they are combined
sharply in himself
dark brown and light cream you see
This line is a bright difference between
two sections of the tree is very beautiful
amulets are obtained from them here is one of
You can also have them on the screen now.
find areas where this transition is not one
the line is about zigzag
here's the amulet on your screen now
it was also on one plot with
such a transition here is a crack which
almost always present therefore
do not be upset here I showed you
basic three types
doses of points that can be obtained from
apple wood
light white or light cream
color is sapwood a smooth transition from
central part on the edges of the tree and
abrupt transition and the other part in sapwood
these are the most interesting for us
three kinds I hope you enjoyed this
the video here is all about the basics of work
with wood apple tree so if you
It was interesting then put Like
subscribe to my channel
Honeywood under the video you can ask a question
also find a link to my veka profile
online store where you can lead
amulets and pendants of my work I was glad
to see you all
ask questions subscribe to
channel and good luck to all